enhancement : add docs for appointment scheduling (#624)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/appointment-booking-settings.md

# Appointment Booking Settings

> 

Reviewer: add a screenshot of this settings page

## 1. Enable Appointment scheduling

This checkbox will enable appointment scheduling and also enable the `/book_appointment` Route for website users (your customers).

## 2. Agent Details 

In this section, you can add details about agents, such as their working hours and holidays.

### 2.1  Availability of Slots

Here you can set the timing in which your agents are available to attend an appointment. This is set per day of the week. Each row represents a continuous block of time, you can have multiple entries for each day of the week.

For example if your agents work Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm but with a lunch break at 1.30 for half and hour. You will need to create two entries for each day. One from 9am to 1.30pm and another from 2pm to 5pm.

### 2.2 Agents

> This is the list of agents which will be autoassigned to appointments. The number of appointments which can exist in one timeslot also depends upon the number employees in this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the list of agents which will be **auto-assigned** to appointments. The number of appointments which can exist in one timeslot also depends upon the number employees in this list.
```
